to my right is bounty law series lead
and jake cahill himself
Rick Dalton and to my left is Rick stuff
that will cliff booth
so Rick explain to the audience exactly
what it is a stunt double does actors
are required to do a lot of dangerous
stuff cliff here is meant to help carry
the load is that how you describe your
job cliff like carrying his load it's
about right
[Music]
my hands are registered as lethal
weapons we get into a fight I
accidentally kill you I go to jail
anybody accidentally kills anybody in a
fight they go to jail it's called
manslaughter
[Music]
that was the best acting I've ever seen
in my whole life thank you
[Music]